Intel® Deep Learning Studio End User License Agreement

Do not access, copy or perform any portion of the Intel® Deep Learning Studio pre-release software (the “Pre-Release
Software”) until You have read and accepted the terms and conditions of this End User License Agreement (the
“Agreement”). By copying, accessing, or performing the Pre-Release Software, You agree to be legally bound by the terms
and conditions of this Agreement. If You do not agree to be bound by or the entity for whose benefit You act has not
authorized You to accept, these terms and conditions, do not access, copy, or perform the Pre-Release Software and
destroy all copies of the Pre-Release Software in Your possession.

This Agreement is entered into between Intel Corporation, a Delaware corporation (“Intel”) and You. “You” refers to you
or your employer or other entity for whose benefit you act, as applicable. If you agree to the terms and conditions of
this Agreement on behalf of a company or other legal entity, you represent and warrant that you have the legal authority
to bind that legal entity to the Agreement, in which case, "You" or "Your" shall be in reference to such entity. Intel
and You are referred to herein individually as a “Party” or, together, as the “Parties”.

1. Purpose. You seek to evaluate and perform, and Intel desires to make available to You, under the terms of this
Agreement, the Pre-Release Software solely for Your internal efforts to develop, test, or evaluate Intel-based products
for deep learning solutions. “Pre-Release Software” refers to any or all of early versions of the Intel Deep Learning
Studio software provided prior to a final release associated with Intel products, software, or services, including, but
not limited to, reference design or proof-of-concept specifications, documentations, users guides, software (in source
or object code form) such as software programs, frameworks, models, reference code, application program interfaces,
device drivers, related components or updates or releases thereto. The Pre-Release Software may be updated or amended
from time to time. “Intel-based products” refers to devices that include, incorporate, or implement any Intel product,
software or services for deep learning solutions.

2. Limited License. Subject to Your compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Intel grants to You a
limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable, worldwide, fully paid-up license, without the right to sublicense
to perform the Pre-Release Software for the purposes of testing and evaluating the Pre-Release Software under Intel’s
copyrights and Intel’s suppliers’ copyrights (subject to any third party licensing requirements reflected herein, if
any) and to create results based on the Pre-Release Software and Your Data for the Purpose.

3. License Restrictions. All right, title and interest in and to the intellectual property rights in the Pre-Release
Software are and will remain the exclusive property of Intel and its licensors or suppliers. You agree to utilize the
Pre-Release Software consistent with any specifications or documentation provided by Intel. Unless expressly permitted
under the Agreement, You will not, and will not allow any third-party to (i) install, download, use, copy, distribute,
sell or offer to sell the Pre-Release Software, associated documentation, or modifications thereof; (ii) modify, adapt,
enhance, disassemble, decompile, reverse engineer, change or create derivative works from the Pre-Release Software;
(iii) use or make any or all Pre-Release Software, or modifications thereto, available for the use or benefit of third
parties; or (iv) publish or provide any benchmark or comparison test results including or based on the Pre-Release
Software. You acknowledge that an essential basis of the bargain in this Agreement is that Intel grants You no licenses
or other rights including, but not limited to, patent, copyright, trade secret, trademark, trade name, service mark or
other intellectual property licenses or rights with respect to the Pre-Release Software, by implication, estoppel or
otherwise, except for the licenses expressly granted above. You acknowledge there are significant uses of the
Pre-Release Software in its original, unmodified and uncombined form. You may not remove any copyright notices from or
associated with the Pre-Release Software.

4. Your Data. You may process certain data for testing and evaluation, such as software, models, datasets or other
information (“Your Data”) on the Intel-based product. You will back up Your Data as loaded, operated, tested or
validated during testing and evaluation. Intel will not back up Your Data. You are solely responsible for Your Data and
for its removal or deletion after completion of the testing and evaluation of the Pre-Release Software. You may use any
results created by testing and evaluating the Pre-Release Software only for Your internal development purposes.

5. License to Feedback. This Agreement does not obligate You to provide Intel with materials, information, comments,
suggestions, descriptions, ideas, input, modifications of the Pre-Release Software or other communication regarding the
features, functions, performance or use of the Pre-Release Software (“Feedback”). To the extent You provide Intel with
Feedback, You grant to Intel and its affiliates a non-exclusive, perpetual, sub-licenseable, irrevocable, worldwide,
royalty-free, fully paid-up and transferable license, to and under all of Your intellectual property rights, whether
perfected or not, to publicly perform, publicly display, reproduce, use, make, have made, sell, offer for sale,
distribute, import, create derivative works of and otherwise exploit the Feedback.

6. Support. Subject to Your compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Intel agrees to use commercially
reasonable efforts to perform customized support, consulting or similar assistance that Intel will provide to You in
relation to the Pre-Release Software and to facilitate Your productive use of the Pre-Release Software. Support services
will be provided “as is” in Intel’s sole discretion.

7. Open Source Statement. The Pre-Release Software may include or be derived from Open Source Software, open data or
open material (all “OSS”) licensed pursuant to OSS, creative commons or similar license agreement(s) (all “OSS
licenses”) identified in comments in the applicable source code file(s), file header(s) or on or associated with the
Pre-Release Software. Nothing in this Agreement limits any rights under, or grants rights that supersede, the terms of
any applicable OSS license. Use of any proprietary portion of the Pre-Release Software with OSS is subject to the terms
and conditions of this Agreement, including Section 2 (Limited License).

8. Third-Party Software. Use of certain third-party software provided with or within the Pre-Release Software may
require that You (a) secure a license directly from the software owner, (b) combine the software with components
purchased from such third party, or (c) adhere to further license limitations by the software owner. A listing of any
such third-party limitations is in one or more text files accompanying the Pre-Release Software. You acknowledge Intel
is not providing You with a license to such third-party software and further that it is Your responsibility to obtain
appropriate licenses from such third parties directly.

9. Confidentiality. The terms and conditions of this Agreement, exchanged confidential information, as well as the Pre-
Release Software are subject to the terms and conditions of the Non-Disclosure Agreement (the “NDA”) entered into by
Intel and You. This Agreement and any related discussions are Intel confidential information. If You have not entered
into a NDA with Intel, You will only use Intel confidential information to use the Pre-Release Software consistent with
the license granted to You under this Agreement. You will maintain the confidentiality of such information with at least
the same degree of care that you use to protect your own confidential information, but in no event less than a
reasonable degree of care. You may only disclose Intel confidential information to employees who have a need to know
such confidential information and who have entered into a confidentiality agreement that contains terms no less
restrictive than those set forth in this Agreement. You will be fully responsible for any confidentiality breach by your
employees. You must not disclose the terms or existence of this Agreement, and must not use Intel's name in any
publications, advertisements, or other announcements without Intel's prior written consent. You do not have any right to
use any Intel trademarks or logos.

10. No Obligation. No Agency. The Pre-Release Software includes pre-release “alpha,” “beta” or “prototype” versions and
may not be fully functional. Intel may substantially modify the Pre-Release Software in producing any “final” versions.
Intel may make changes to the Pre-Release Software, or items included or referenced therein, at any time without notice.
Intel cannot assure it will ever, and Intel is not obligated to, support, update, provide training for, develop, or make
available any further version of the Pre-Release Software or to grant any license thereto. No agency, franchise,
partnership, joint- venture, or employee-employer relationship is intended or created by this Agreement.

11. EXCLUSION OF WARRANTIES. UNLESS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED IN WRITING IN THE PRE-RELEASE SOFTWARE, THE PRE-RELEASE SOFTWARE
AND THE SUPPORT ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OF ANY KIND FROM INTEL OR FROM ANY OTHER
PERSON OR ENTITY INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NONINFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Intel
does not warrant or assume responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of any information, text, graphics, links or
other items within the Pre-Release Software.

12. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. IN NO EVENT WILL INTEL OR ITS AFFILIATES, LICENSORS OR SUPPLIERS (INCLUDING THEIR
RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AND AGENTS) BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR LOST DATA) ARISING OUT OF OR IN RELATION TO THIS AGREEMENT,
INCLUDING THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE PRE-RELEASE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF INTEL HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGES. SOME JURISDICTIONS PROHIBIT EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONSEQUENTIAL
OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY IN PART NOT APPLY TO YOU. UNLESS OTHERWISE AGREED IN WRITING SIGNED
BY AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES OF BOTH PARTIES, THE PRE-RELEASE SOFTWARE LICENSED HEREUNDER ARE NOT DESIGNED OR INTENDED
FOR USE IN ANY MEDICAL, LIFE SAVING OR LIFE SUSTAINING SYSTEMS, TRANSPORTATION SYSTEMS, NUCLEAR SYSTEMS, OR FOR ANY
OTHER MISSION CRITICAL APPLICATION IN WHICH THE FAILURE OF THE PRE-RELEASE SOFTWARE COULD LEAD TO PERSONAL INJURY OR
DEATH. YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER LEGAL RIGHTS THAT VARY FROM JURISDICTION TO JURISDICTION. THE LIMITED REMEDIES, WARRANTY
DISCLAIMER AND LIMITED LIABILITY ARE FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENTS OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN INTEL AND YOU. YOU
ACKNOWLEDGE INTEL WOULD BE UNABLE TO PROVIDE THE PRE-RELEASE SOFTWARE WITHOUT SUCH LIMITATIONS.

13. Termination and Survival. The term of this Agreement is one year from Your first access to the Pre-Release Software.
Intel may terminate this Agreement for any reason with thirty (30) days’ notice and immediately if You or someone acting
on Your behalf violates any of its terms or conditions. Upon termination, You will immediately destroy and ensure the
destruction of the access credentials to the Pre-Release Software and, upon request, provide certification of such
destruction to Intel. All licenses granted to You hereunder terminate immediately upon termination of the Agreement. All
but Section 2 of this Agreement will survive termination.

14. Governing Law. Jurisdiction. Injunctive Relief. This Agreement and any dispute arising out of or relating to it will
be governed by the laws of the U.S.A. and the state of Delaware, without regard to conflict of laws principles. The
Parties exclude the application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods
(1980). The state and federal courts sitting in Delaware, U.S.A. will have exclusive jurisdiction over any dispute
arising out of or relating to this Agreement. The Parties consent to personal jurisdiction and venue in those courts. A
Party that obtains a judgment against the other Party in the courts identified in this section may enforce that judgment
in any court having jurisdiction over the Parties. You acknowledge that any disclosure, commercialization, or public use
of the Pre-Release Software or any portion thereof in violation of this Agreement would cause irreparable injury to
Intel and You consent to the grant of an injunction by any court of competent jurisdiction in the event of such a
threatened or actual breach.

15. Export Regulations. Export Control. You agree that neither You nor Your subsidiaries will export/re-export the Pre-
Release Software, directly or indirectly, to any country for which the U.S. Department of Commerce or any other agency
or department of the U.S. Government or the foreign government from where it is shipping requires an export license, or
other governmental approval, without first obtaining any required license or approval. In the event the Pre-Release
Software are exported from the U.S. or re-exported from a foreign jurisdiction by You or Your subsidiary, You will
ensure that the distribution and export/re-export or import of the Pre-Release Software complies with all laws,
regulations, orders, or other restrictions of the U.S. Export Administration Regulations and the appropriate foreign
government.

16. Government Restricted Rights. The Pre-Release Software may include commercial items (as defined in 48 C.F.R. 2.101)
or commercial computer software and commercial computer software documentation (as those terms are used in 48 C.F.R.
12.212). Consistent with 48 C.F.R. 12.212 and 48 C.F.R 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4, You will not provide the
Pre-Release Software, or any part thereof, to the U.S. Government. Contractor or Manufacturer is Intel Corporation, 2200
Mission College Boulevard, Santa Clara, CA 95054.

17. Assignment. You may not delegate, assign or transfer this Agreement, the license granted or any of Your rights or
duties hereunder, expressly, by implication, by operation of law, or otherwise and any attempt to do so, without Intel’s
express prior written consent, will be null and void. Intel may assign, delegate and transfer this Agreement, and its
rights and obligations hereunder, in its sole discretion.

18. Entire Agreement. Severability. The terms and conditions of this Agreement and any NDA between You and Intel
constitute the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and merge and supersede
all prior or contemporaneous agreements, understandings, negotiations, and discussions. Neither Party will be bound by
any terms, conditions, definitions, warranties, understandings, or representations with respect to the subject matter
hereof other than as expressly provided herein. If any provision of this Agreement is found unenforceable or invalid
under any applicable law or applicable court decision, such finding will not render this Agreement unenforceable or
invalid as a whole, instead such provision will be changed and interpreted so as to best accomplish the objectives of
such provision within legal limits.

19. Waiver. The failure of a Party to require performance by the other Party of any provision hereof will not affect the
full right to require such performance at any time thereafter; nor will waiver by a Party of a breach of any provision
hereof constitute a waiver of the provision itself.

End-User License Agreement for pre-release version of the Intel® Deep Learning Studio Software Version: November 4, 2018
